Hey, this is the chairperson of Guohao Group
Wan Guohao, the president of the World Chamber of Commerce?
This young man is doomed.
President Wan is the head of state
Be careful with his big ears
He can bring down the entire regional economy with one word
President Wan
They are all Xie Longyan, this kid mountain Taoist priest
He also tore up the IWC contract to the Xiao family
And not only that.
He also assaulted a business summit security guard
Lawless people should be severely punished
Vice President Wang
You tell me what the hell is going on
What Ms. Zheng and Chen Shao said is absolutely true
He not only broke the contract
But they beat me and the security guard
He even said that you have to stay together when you see him
President Wan, did you hear that?
This kind of waste must be severely punished
Otherwise, what's the face of the Universal Chamber of Commerce?
Wan Hui Chang is angry
Ye Longyuan is dead this time
Miss Lin, is everything they said true?
Handsome, say it
It's all done by this trash
It has nothing to do with our neighbor
Yeah, forefoot, don't hesitate
President Pan, can I not answer this question?
Is it hard for you to tell the truth?